I am deliberately moving from enterprise tech to b2b saas/AI, and energized by 0 to 1 to n work. 

What good at/ end with fit
My experience has been in enterprise, but the principles transfer — reducing time-to-value, optimizing activation, turning product engagement into expansion revenue.


I thrive in domains that require deep technical understanding, and enjoy becoming a subject matter expert, and facilitating end to end thinking 
I'm multi-disciplinary myself, with an engineering background, years in operations, and over a decade in product.
I have excelled at building mission-critical platform systems where precision and scale are non-negotiable. Operated at scale where each 1% has millions in P&L impact. Supply Chain/Logistics gave me regulatory experiences too, and past work at a startup with government entities
Thinking about startups – Most productive at the stage when - validated the problem or achieved PMF to a certain degree
I've built platform products in microservices architecture at enterprise scale, working closely with engineering and data science teams. I naturally dive into data, and SQL and analytics to investigate issues and inform decisions.
Professional History: 
I consider myself an eclectic builder, with  20 years experience. 13 at Walmart, in supply chain both in corporate operations and Product Management.  And previously worked at a multi-sided marketplaceStartup as product and engineering lead. And At Infosys as engineer for clients LexisNexis and Pearson’s education
Why Walmart, what did
At walmart  aligned myself to growth leaders, who were building Walmart’s long term vision. After my mba, i wanted to go deep into supply chain, and come back to tech in 3 years. I stayed for 5 in ops, and past 8 building products and platforms. 
I made my career in walmart solving the hardest problems and leaving things better than how I found them. As first hire in transportation analytics, responsible for Bid Procurement & performance tracking of Carriers (freight for ecomm to plug into mothership for best price and SLA), Holiday capacity planning (i.e. tracking OTB to WOS and WOH. And labor and capacity planning). Then as an operations manager responsible for metrics and performance tracking of ecommerce inventory team. 
8 years ago moved into Product, around the time walmart focused on omnichannel experience - inventory and assortment (replen, forecast, demand allocation), last mile delivery (routing, scheduling, store fulfilment) and connect it to fulfillment center & Stores operations, modernized/built new transportation management platform (included - mdm, execution, planning, optimization, financials, mobile app for drivers, tracking instrumentation), commercialization (lmd, software), simulation platforms (lmd, LP - inbound freight, mobius), and multisided services marketplace
Many from concept to launch, and definitely at Walmart scale.

Why left Walmart: Following a consolidation at Walmart Tech, where 2000 coworkers were let go and a third of supply chain product leadership including me, I made a decision to invest time to deeply understand AI's transformative impact on product management. 

What after Walmart
I wanted to see firsthand how AI was reshaping many verticals. That also led me to build simplestory.ai, a passion project exploring how AI-generated, on-demand content could bridge the gap between teachers, children, and parents. I have two kids. I taught myself Cursor, Google Vertex, Notions, Elevenlabs and other AI tools, not because I had to, but because I was compelled by the problem and it’s the way to go as a solo founder
I have adopted building and iterating fast. 
I create trovescore.com - a mobile app that uses AI to scan your bookshelf with a single picture, identify books, and makes recommendations on mechanisms to get reduce clutter. Example: 1 click sell on ebay vs identify who can you donate to.
Separately doing research on a marketplace for professional network intelligence
